That if morning friends, in today's era we are going to
talk about Akshay Kumar's Golden
Shade product, a policy health
insurance, basically made for senior
citizens, we are going to
talk about what things are there in this voucher,
so let's start this video
like from school, first of all
I want to tell you before covering what
things you have to take care of before taking the policy or
what are the limitations in it and the
minimum amount given for making this purchase, the minimum amount should be
more than Shiva Reddy, you can take it from Rs 5 lakh
and the lipid should be 123 Kabir
and
subscribed
that if you are complete then you
can enroll for early renewal of this policy,
so before starting about the back of this policy, the
amount given in British is
Infection and Across in these patients, it has been
taken in it last year, like
if you get admitted in the hospital, 2.5
lakh passengers get its cover and
if you can take twin sharing room,
if Sameshwar your  ₹1000000 is ok if the sum of 10
lakhs is less than 10 lakhs then you get
your sharing
in it, if you want a single privacy room then
you can get labour and dental insurance, if
you have it then you can get India Private
U, in this policy there is a
2 year guarantee on pre-PhD banking, if
you already know that Bigg Boss is going on in a glass, then
you have been given a 2 year
guarantee,
you are covered in response to two chilli plaster, but
if someone is there that the operation
cannot be done in the hospital or his mod
is not available in the hospital, in that case
treatment is also necessary in romance, then
you can get the treatment done at home,
home treatment in this also home treatment of the
five percent, this time should only be for general care,
means if anyone gets admitted in the hospital
and after that if another
doctor comes to disturb you on these conditions, then
someone can do the treatment at home,
for example, if you have an illness, you  If you are
admitted in the hospital and you are
told that it is important to take care of the patient even after going home, then
for that we
can do this point or you get a hospital
which will have to be given some injection for treatment at home,
you can take it at home and home treatment, the
objective question is that home
treatment, there are two different
treatments in homeopathy,
if you do not do this then you
can go for the statement, then the
subscription is given in the application form in 2019 policy
and if you have taken cover of more than ₹10 lakh then
you
get ₹10 for the donor, for example,
if someone has kidney failure, it has to be transferred,
someone donates an organ to you,
that donor's salary is also charged,
so you can claim that donor's money in it,
domestic road ambulance,
personal information, maths 10th, ₹10 you
get romantic, this ambulance
cover in it after submission, if it is
not possible to remove the hospital there  But
it goes away, again someone has to click there
or someone
is doing treatment
in the district and
for treatment the doctor tells you that you have to be
admitted to another hospital,
quick limit limited, so you
should subscribe to it, no one can easily subscribe to
it,
someone can be in a hospital in Delhi,
so
if you
can subscribe to this product, you
get the subscription benefit
that in the war policy
you are covered for meeting once in a love affair,
if there is a Rishi benefit in it,
you should understand the meaning of the receipt, it is as much as it was, some
call it reset, some
call it restore, some
get reset, okay, according to different projects,
in this you get unlimited time for these
related reasons, so there is unlimited time, but
once you meet the same person,
for example, if
you have taken your net time of ₹10 in the morning, you
reduce it in this pond, okay,
because of cancer and after 6 minutes  If you have the same disease
then you may have CID and semester exams, then
you have to get your decision colony tested,
you get trained again, diseases happen,
Islam is a disease, hence the person
again gets protection of ₹10, now if there
is cancer and apart from this, if there is any
problem with the body then you get unlimited
time insurance for that country unrelated, in this you get
insurance, in case of accident and
correction in this policy due to some calamity or accident then
you
can get the insurance done at that time, in this policy also there is senior citizen,
due to its size being very big the premium is charged a lot, so
you can reduce the premium by
opting for it, here you have a coupon of 40%,
if you do not want to take 50% for yourself
then you can take a coupon of 40%
or you can avoid depression, now you
can take a coupon for this question, the coupon starts from 20%, if you
read the fifty percent of the fee then you also get very less charge,
but whatever bill you have to pay in the hospital
on YouTube, you click on the fee company.
That is the fashion pack. If you
think that after getting admitted in the hospital, I will
not pay 50%, you will just click on 20%
and the company will spend 20% on it. You
can take a coupon of 20%, then it will be a
little higher for you. If you are a computer
patient, then this is a benefit. You
can also get a coupon of 40% off 50% in this, then your work will be done if
someone has taken the vaccine in this, like here
you can check if you get a
discount on Morkel vaccine, which is given to
senior citizens. If
someone has taken the vaccine positive, then you should
subscribe.
If you get
covered in this, then
you should
subscribe again. On the
one hand, there is a Rio D, which senior
citizens cannot try or even if they do, then
you get an accident cover,
okay, but if you are walking on the road
and you have an accident or are
studying, then you will get
protection in accident cover and this is
if you are driving a car or  Then you are not driving
but you are sitting in the back seat, you have to
subscribe to it, so
you should remember the appointment and you
can subscribe
to cover for modern treatment like
any hospital reaction, if you get
cured, someone gets a kidney stone,
it is of normal size,
if you want to do robotic surgery, it happens
very rarely and there is a
lot of pain, it is
not much,
if you
subscribe and some limit
appointment
you can
subscribe in the subscription program or you will get it in
English or you
can get it printed for three years, you have
one to three, till now you can take any one for one
year, if you
take it for 2 years then you will get ₹40 for yourself at minimum, then it will be for 2 years,
hence if
you renew in a year then you will do ₹1000 for the first year,
second year you will do
₹4000 for 2 years, this should be done, if you want to
use the same thing for 2 years then you will do the
same weightage, number five percent
in it.  If you get
more than that, the speed is less, you
can get it done anyway or you can increase prosperity.
Positive one is given in this policy, if
you do not have any claim
in the policy year, then you will get the entry,
so this time if you have taken a loan
of Rs. 1000000, then
you must have understood its tension every year, you must have understood that
this combination
horoscope can be worth lakhs, if you have
not taken any policy on Muslim, it is okay for
this year, if you take the cream that do not
reduce, if you have
not taken any claim in the previous year, then
this is the combination of ten percent of your entries, next year if you take ATM, then the
benefit given to you by the semester train passenger, you have left more time, three
percent, it is not reduced, usually if you do
PM work in the product, then
as you get a bonus, once you get it, then
you get it
because of the limit,
subscribe, like and
subscribe here,
you get Tarzan price
Cerebrovascular and Cardiovascular
[Music]
Difficult
Praslin
this
subscribe so if you subscribe here
two lakh rupees if you have
decided then
you do not get this disease that the
accused does
not get subscribed
okay
I told you this Ajay at the same time if you do
not get practice during robot robot then you take 5 lakhs in time then you will get
strangulation stop body if 10
lakhs ah 20 lakhs below that force mode on
Electricals
Limited all this like this you see here
what happens in the video that you subscribe you
subscribe here okay so
take this or you
subscribe if you do not want it, if you
absolutely want it then you can do it you see this
you are
appointed
that this is the plane you have to take
any one of the two you
cannot take both at all you put the option
or cricket
what is the dimple next to whatever you are choosing MS Word has
20% dutiable use
like you have taken 10 lakhs here
okay so  20 questions of ₹10 combined becomes
2 lakh rupees, okay, so it
means you have taken 10 lakh rupees and
20% is dutiable, in this you have very
less, subscribe to this computer,
subscribe here, you take it
for yourself,
you have
subscribed
and it is obscene, so first
you read the first question above three lakh rupees, three
lakh rupees are used, you will be happy,
you have to pay prostitution tourist places, the rest is on the company, okay, on the
other hand, a bill of 2 lakh has come,
so now you are getting a copy of this machine, that
means you have to click on 40, the rest is
through the company, you have
clicked on it, okay, every
creative person can do this, but if you
use dutiable, then you have to pay 20% of the time, that is,
200000 rupees, first you have got the play, by doing
how much you have paid for the first three lakhs, then
2 lakh will be deducted from it, so you will
not get the claim of the first 2 lakhs, only  Out
of three lakhs you will get one like, okay
then in the second you will get two areas, this simple
share, then you will directly get 2 lakh chakli,
in this how by bringing the first three it becomes
2 lakh units and in the second 2 lakh
or Mayur the last test will be
2.5 lakh rupees in St. Paul Senior Atul,
in the quality that comes later you will be given the full amount,
okay so if you invest only 1 lakh
rupees then you can click on it but
you don't get anything,
if not much then
but if whatever comes up,
if you invest
this
money on top, okay,
subscribe to this, if you have
such
disgusting and you
can take that quality, any employee
policy can give it to your parents, okay then
already from that you can take a cream of ₹10, you
can take the claim of three lucky ones only in response that your Android user
login works for you, this is absolutely a
protector, I did a job in all the
problems on the medical, some place
towel, cloth which is national
reports property, that  You have to pay,
okay, you
need hospital medical,
you need hospital company, if you
need it, you have to pay the full amount,
subscribe to the channel, they
cannot appoint, you have
taken the previous song again, then you have
taken that person, so soon
such an officer will be appointed on this program in which he has got
here,
you get that if
this is a
compound, then this is what you have to do to
check, then
you get this, you should
not
eat too much, then you get
Vaseline, you should tell
which one to take, there is an online video controller, so in the same way,
you get counseling in video calls,
you get it in telecast relation, for example, if any disease,
if chest pain or flatulence starts,
then you do not need to go to the doctor,
you can put telecast basis, that
doctors directly here, there are big hospitals like flowers, you
can also add on call, okay, so
here the director of translation, you
can call video call or audio call facilities,
so you can tell your problem that I am
facing such a problem, what should I do
He will say Sir, then you take the mixer, I will
send you a report, record it,
if you have this problem or you
take this medicine, it will be cured,
you will get that doctor obligation, okay,
this notification, if your parents are
in some other city or you are in a set country, then
you will be notified that your
parents are taking care of them, so we will
give this medicine to your parents today that
their healthcare is improving, so
you will keep getting this notification, after whatever care is required,
you will be
notified how it is going,
okay, this is an emergency in the service, so you do
not have to find out, you do not
know anything, you will
click there,
they will check it themselves,
subscribe, so
you have to subscribe to the
doctor here, you have to subscribe to
this problem, whether he is doing it
for weeks or getting some wrong
treatment, it is not pimples,
still he is doing it for earning money, you
know that it is necessary, so
if you get a scolding in it, then that same report, whatever number of reports you have to
submit, we
can share that report here  The
doctor of the number above will check your health report and after
checking the entire report, he will tell you
this, if he finds something, this is
here and this is here, on the
other hand,
subscribe to check it,
then he will tell you, if you can really have a problem
then there is no need to do this,
there is aloe vera
flashlight off, like the
health * is not getting defeated, that type
of health checkup, Jewellery Kanpur comes in handy,
okay, the assistant acid has his own
sleep here, here the doctor and
nurse, the
doctor's reports,
all are known to the appointment,
subscribe
to the video,
if you do any medicine
then you
can definitely subscribe to my channel, if you want, you
can take milk, so here that
Meghnad, before this I will show you the slide of media,
subscription, you
know that I
told you that there is
subscription,
okay, this is my program in which you
get all this, if you want to do this video, then
I will tell you here, after the appointment of the video, I am a
little
late, there is an
increase in the hospital by earning in 24 hours, is
your index done or else  Kidney
stone is a small surgery, it can be done
in two to three hours, for that service
I will tell you the list,
see here, see here, from the surgery here, the
list of punishment license number, okay, so
this is the operation files related operation
history from the phone and by posting the video on these 9 news channels,
you can
see the signal here, then I press one,
okay, here I will tell you all the
wants, because of this there are more here, to
understand you can see which ones are good,
okay, here I will tell you,
pass the video, slide it from
here, for a
minute
I have to pass it and
see, and here as I told you about
modern treatment, I already
told you, from model volume, the main piece of oral and
robotic surgery, okay,
take different steps, this causes more than this, I
told you that it is nutrition, which happens,
you should
subscribe to the preparation
and
subscribe, after that you
can select here and
you can subscribe to this management,
overall it is less than a year, which policy  He is making a
purchase, okay,
CSE means he gets 12%
benefit, if it is
more than 60 then 50% of it is time middling,
jobs in Delhi NCR Mumbai
means youth service
service and district Faridabad Gurgaon Rohtak
Sundha
festival Guru name, this is
in Bhiwani Chakki okay Dadri okay
Deri
Mahindra Lad okay this is Udaan if
you see here, if the cassette is
coming in it then it is find spacing
okay then zone also Hyderabad Secunderabad
Chhattisgarh Madhya Pradesh
and then Daman and Diu Dadar Nagar Haveli Goa
Maharashtra okay study in this if the
name of the jail city is not in these two then it is
in Rest of India like Bengaluru, yours
here is Bengaluru okay and the one which comes in
Chennai Laptop India
goes to Jhunsi so you will get
less premium because here you get toll
subscription in it and
you
get subscription in June also, there is no problem in this example
okay so where are you that the
premium you get there
It comes, if the candidate is
in Dubai, you put the pin there or
you enter the pin code here, along with the pin code,
you are given the pregnancy, okay,
but if you have a problem
in subscribe like subscribe, if someone gets treatment and goes to
Mumbai or
Delhi for treatment, he goes to comment there,
okay, so here you have got the
subscription, so
one lakh people have subscribed in Mumbai, that is,
sitting in Bengaluru, if you go to Tips and
buy it in Hyderabad, then you will
get a 15 percent discount here,
in Jhunsi, you will have to pay 15 percent
in Hyderabad, or if someone is
in Hyderabad and is coming to Jhunsi, then there is
no copy, okay, but if you do not want this cloth of yours, then it
comes without any question,
when you buy it, then you should
subscribe without, you want to subscribe,
you should
subscribe here and there, so in that, if you are appointed fit, then
there is claim service guarantee, okay, it is good,
Team Protector, I told you,
modification, I told you, warranted table  Which has
20% weight loss, you can use it,
okay, well I have
told you about Narsinghgarh pharmacist and PRD in this program,
okay,
and in this I have told you about prevent calculation and
50% of gram flour,
I have told you about the sub-limit, okay, it comes under the sub-limit
and for example,
after taking the policy, if you do not cancel the policy even
within fifteen countries, you
can do polyplex, if you feel the policy is for a
period, okay, waiting time ...  There is something else if I want to
tell you apart from this then I will
confirm it once okay okay apart from this there is nothing else so till now what all will go in the
handset, you will
understand that too for example
you can also go to the question amount here I will
tell you okay what is the
entry, the product which you have should be six white
what is the national game of the
world from
₹50 BJP meeting
2 years
subscription
and like share and
subscribe my channel by
clicking on the subscribe button
you
can do that for whichever question you have a late buy
back option for co effect approval
limit this is fabric if you can use 20%
amazon cover this deductible 21000
of every limb skin digit only you have
if you subscribe to any
subscribe video
means person
appointed means
subscribe subscribe
subscribe
13010 now the limit for domestic road
ambulances is one
more
yes at this time sir reset benefits
available in the gold and silver tada
Condition for which benefit is available
in the policy Rishi benefit available man
impatient
maximum
customer
subscribe
you will get the video it does not happen to him
and when will the modern treatment come in this
policy has made a statement clothes just all the
limit is table I told okay in case
of any sir I am not seeing only increase in
flight that is
nothing of your last one I am not seeing that it has
happened
with the policy of Samay Singh two
times okay so this policy
about Golden Singh that has benefits last year
if you want to purchase in this process then if you
want to do it by hitting then
see I have given the contact link
there leave your name and number there a
link comes on the contract click there
you have to enter name and mobile number 1234 by
calling this number I will tell you when
you get recharged okay how much is the main
charge for the benefits of the policy or if
someone wants to take SIDCUL then
we will tell you in detail about that  I can explain if
you want to search, so that's all for today,
if you haven't subscribed to our channel yet, then
please
subscribe and in the coming generations,
more different tips and hair tips
products will keep coming, so
keep making such videos on our channel, so
if you or your friends want to
purchase this video, then you can share it, so
thank you so much for today's video.